Add flag to only use prometheus exporter on kubernetes cluster (#231)
alphagov/govuk_app_config: CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

> - Enable prometheus_exporter on EKS only, extra latency and 500 errors caused on EC2 instances running unicorn, don't expect to see the same on EKS with puma ([#231](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk_app_config/pull/231)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix prometheus_exporter to only be enabled when the GOVUK_PROMETHEUS_EXPORTER env var is set to "true" ([#231](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk_app_config/pull/231)).
```

We should just detail what exactly the change is - the specifics about why we've done can be found in the commit message.
